[Feature][doc] Add V2 connector jdbc document parameter can speed up data import PR (#6176)
apache/seatunnel: docs/en/connector-v2/sink/Jdbc.md

`CUSTOM_PROCESSING`：User defined processing  
`ERROR_WHEN_DATA_EXISTS`：When there is data, an error is reported

### custom_sql [String]

When data_save_mode selects CUSTOM_PROCESSING, you should fill in the CUSTOM_SQL parameter. This parameter usually fills in a SQL that can be executed. SQL will be executed before synchronization tasks.

### enable_upsert [boolean]

> Enable upsert by primary_keys exist, If the task only has `insert`, setting this parameter to `false` can speed up data import

Reviewer: PTAL @hailin0

> Enable upsert by primary_keys exist, If the task only has `insert`, setting this parameter to `false` can speed up data import

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable upsert by primary_keys exist, If the task has no key duplicate data, setting this parameter to `false` can speed up data import
```

Reviewer 3: other engine i change the description later
